me grimlocks are you watching so Mari
Grimlock Sunday you ask questions me
Grimlock give you ah you are watching so
monkeys soundwave Sunday operation
Austin an answer initiate Booya stay
down Grimlock hello Autobots and
Decepticons my name is so mungry and I
like to welcome you guys all back to
another son Woods Sunday and I'm
broadcasting live from Arizona and it's
surprisingly chilly right now which is
kind of disappointing but I had some
general questions and some general
comments that I wanted to tell you guys
about before we started this episode in
the last sound wave Sunday I talked a
little bit about Optimus Prime dying but
now there was new images revealed with
him having a redesign which is pretty
crazy I'll show that on the screen right
now and I want to know what you guys
think about that what does that mean for
transformers prime I definitely do not
know and I'm curious to see what happens
when the show is released coming up this
month and the second announcement is
I've been working on the mature gaming
channel with my buddy and I will warn
you guys before you subscribe to that
that this is going to be aimed towards
adults so there is going to be bad words
there's going to be adult situations and
all that other stuff in there that you
would think would be in amateur gaming
channel and we don't have any videos up
just yet but we are definitely working
on some and we're going to be doing
old-school and new-school video games
all that sort of stuff we're gonna have
a good time with it and it's gonna be
pretty fun so I'm excited to bring you
guys some of those videos those of you
guys that will be watching it definitely
check it out it's youtube com backslash
bro Brad's so become a bro or a bra
whatever one you want to become and the
link to that will be in the description
below as well alright so let's hop into
the questions below I will say that this
may be a shorter episode just because
down here my friend doesn't have good
internet at all it takes me like five
hundred minutes to upload a video so the
shorter it is the quicker I can get it
up to you guys but I'm gonna get to as
many questions as i can today
so our first question comes from
Blitzwing JB what does be y OE mean and
this means bring your own Energon so if
you're at a party and you don't want to
provide for every other Autobot or every
Decepticon that comes in definitely make
them bring their own energy on our next
question comes from the Soraa 1999
hungry can you make a video with the
Harlem shake sound waves sunny 41 and to
tell you the truth I have no idea what
that is and you guys all kind of showed
me what gundam style as last time and I
don't keep up with all these different
dances because they come out every other
week or so so I don't know that is all
right next question comes from the Z key
100 2 3 hey mungry are you getting god
of war ascension if so are you going to
do videos on it and I'm not gonna get it
but my friend is so we're definitely
gonna be doing videos on the bro brass
channel for that game and that's amateur
game so we'll definitely post videos of
God of War I don't know if we'll be
doing the whole thing but I would think
we would be and that's going to be one
of our newer games that we're gonna do
besides old school games next question
comes from crushable dread mungry what
part of Arizona are you going to have
your vacation and my vacation is
currently in mesa but i will definitely
be traveling throughout Arizona and
checking out different places as well
our next question comes from k Galloway
65 what is the most food you've ever
eaten in a day and how much weight did
you gain sound waves sunday 41 and the
most food I've ever ate had to be at a
red lobster endless shrimp baby I think
I pilot off 95 shrimps so that's a lot
of dead shrimp in my stomach and I
probably gained like you know what I
don't know 10 pounds maybe off that
maybe now that much five pounds but I
weigh 180 originally so I was probably
up to 1 85 86 so that's a lot of shrimp
and Bubba Gump shrimp will be proud our
next question comes from prime 1 327 k
mungry how is it in Arizona and would
you rather have slice skills of thieving
Murray's pure brought in force or
Bentley's brains to create anything
soundwave sunday 41 and arizona it's
amazing it's warm it's warmer right now
it was raining the other day so I can't
wait for her to get really hot so I can
just really kick back in the shorts and
t-shirt and slice skills would be cool
but I'm not gonna be robbing too many
banks I would feel bad or robbing other
people I would feel the way too bad and
Marie's brawn and brute force would be
pretty awesome you would be able to be
like a linebacker if you want to do or
something like that but I would have to
go with Bentley's brains for sure
because you could create anything the
possibilities are limitless I would
probably create a camel donkey toad
which is a new breed of frog next
question comes from the deck 7 14 k mom
you do you think it's possible that we
begin a petition for high moon studios
or Activision's to fix the war for
cybertron servers they do you think they
would I think that the petition and you
as your voice of transformers community
would be successful Soundwave Sunday 41
thumbs up so I could see it well there's
nine thumbs up on this so i figured i
would answer it and this is not an easy
one to answer because i don't think it
would matter in all honesty you need
like millions of people to sign this
petition for them to even look at it
it's activision they are all for the
money i mean most video game companies
want the money that's what they're there
for it's a business it's not just fix it
you know because they want us to and war
for cybertron it's not really being
played much at all so there's no reason
for them to go in there and spend their
time and their money to fix it i know
there's like a glitch going on with the
population i haven't been on the game
for a long time so i really don't know
what else the glitch would be or what's
wrong with the servers but i just don't
think it would matter Activision and
high moon studios they're all businesses
so you got to look at it in that light
and it's sad to say but it's the truth
our next question comes from plankton 67
JN sire mungry has the manga nader ever
gotten wild on the dance floor also have
you ever eaten a sunday on sound waves
sunday sheeps fulla T vine and of course
I got wild on the dance floor you gotta
let loose and live it's all about living
you gotta do that and I've never
sunday on sound waves Sunday which is
kind of surprising but Sunday's are good
and our last question comes from ramsey
55 hey Munger what are your thoughts on
the upcoming game Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles out of the shadows and you will
you be doing a full let's play of that
game I don't even know about this I look
this up as soon as i saw this question
and of course I will it's coming out
this summer on the PSN and the xbox live
arcade so I'm excited for that I'm a
huge turtles fan you can't go wrong with
the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles so you
can look forward to seeing that from me
and Grimlock sup I mean sound waves
sunday so i hope you guys enjoyed this
sound wave sunday i know was a little
bit shorter but i gotta keep the videos
a little bit shorter that I make here
just because of how long it takes me to
upload them so don't forget to leave
your questions in the comments below and
I hope you guys all have a great wave
you